today i would like to introduce to you
the story of a girl who has lived for
300 years
every day she sleeps in her coffin and
at night she goes around catching rats
our main character is goody don't you
mess with her she's a vampire who has
lived for 300 years
goody's best friend is stacy she is also
a vampire
during the day they often go to the
coffin to sleep they find a job at night
and every night they go out to work and
find food on their own however
they are very kind they do not suck
human blood but only rats blood
good god look how she plugs the straw
into the mouse while they were working
today
suddenly they received a summons from
ciceros a very cruel vampire
it was because of her that the two girls
turned out to be like this due to the
oppression in their bloodline goody
and stacy had to obey her orders ciceros
loves beauty
she calls them over to the house to help
try on clothes because vampires cannot
look in the mirror
while they were changing she ordered a
pizza and drained the poor delivery
guy's lad
they can't handle cicero's cruelty so
they leave to the bar where goodie meets
vadim
a handsome pure blood vampire the dem
had targeted a hot babe
she saw that vadim was also very
handsome so she was down
goody was pissed off she hypnotized the
beautiful girl made her forgot about
vadim
vadine was very angry when he saw that
his beautiful babe didn't care about him
anymore
after drinking goodie and stacy joined a
vampire meeting
the attendees of this meeting are all
good vampires who have never harmed
humans
there is also an uncle knitting sweaters
every day and he has been doing that for
600 years
the next day goody was cleaning up at
the hospital when she met her
ex-boyfriend 20 years ago
she panicked and fled because she did
not want yvonne to know her real
identity
but yvonne recognized her face so he
chased after her he even went to the
girl's workplace
goody felt that the situation was not
good she lied that she was the daughter
of ivan's ex-lover
when yvonne heard that he was delighted
and invited her to come over to play
goody not wanting to be exposed agreed
one day
stacey was watching a movie when she met
a handsome guy they flirted happily
until he said his full name
stacey was so afraid that she
dumbfounded for a while his surname was
van helsing's
a bloodline with a tradition of hunting
vampires afterward
stacy told goody about the young man
goody was also scared
she advised stacy to stay away from him
but stacy was blinded by love
still went on a summer date with van
helsing and in addition
she has done a stupid thing that was to
follow him home and meet his parents
his father just saw stacey and
immediately knew she was a vampire
he warned his son to stay away from
stacy he was angry
not interested in the words of his
father his mother saw the father and son
quarreling so she shouted to stop them
she reconciled the two and told her son
to invite stacy over to their house
again
he immediately told stacey about this
she was also extremely happy
she thought they had not discovered her
true identity yet the father then became
furious
he went to kill a vampire to be able to
calm the unlucky vampire's disappearance
caused the other to raise their guard
at this point goody met yvonne again
yvonne said that he and her mother were
deeply in love
but somehow she left 20 years ago he
also said that his wife had cancer and
did not have much longer to live
hearing ivan's words goody was
heartbroken but now
do
[Music]
but she also felt very happy then they
had a good night
after that stacy saw that it was going
to be morning and she rushed home
her boyfriend saw the weirdness of a
vampire but he was so in love
he still accepted stacy no matter what
while stacey was in a good mood
she received a summons from the court at
10 am the other morning
she was very scared because she could
not go out during the day the other
vampires were also summoned so they were
very scared and gathered to have a
meeting about it
goody did not mind she invited yvonne to
be their lawyer
tomorrow there will be a total solar
eclipse they plan to hypnotize all the
people working there
deleting all the documents about them
and they actually successfully
implemented the plan
they finally breathed a sigh of relief
this has just been resolved when goody
and stacy are called to a restaurant by
ciceros
they found out ciceros had killed
everyone there goody is extremely angry
ciceros's actions will cause humans to
start hunting down vampires
destroying everyone's current life at
this time stacey is also in trouble she
is pregnant
but a hybrid between human and vampires
are not allowed to exist
goody now decides to kill ciceros making
stacey a human again
moreover stacy has only been a vampire
for 20 years
transforming back to a human would not
affect her life much and goody is over
300 years old if she turns back into a
human
she will turn into ash she decided to
sacrifice herself to save stacy and her
child
goody went to van helsing's house
telling the old man that stacy has a
baby with his son
hearing the news that he had become a
grandfather the old man was very happy
and decided to cooperate with goody in
killing ciceros
but before that day goody finds vadim a
pureblood vampire
and asks him to turn ivan's wife into a
vampire to save her life
in the blink of an eye she recovered
from cancer evon was so happy to see his
wife once again beautiful and full of
life
finally it's time the van helsing family
has prepared a lot of guns and
ammunition to coordinate with goody and
stacy
but they could not match a fierce and
powerful vampire like cicerous
in the crucial moment stacy's boyfriend
appears and finishes ciceros
stacy has been turned back into a human
and goody has quickly aged and turned
into dust
she vanished from this world
just like that goody used her life to
exchange happiness for stacey
so that she and her boyfriend could live
happily together as well as bring peace
to humans and kind vampires